{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green77\blue187;\red247\green150\blue70;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Triple Triad\cf0 \ulc0 \

\b0\fs22 \ulnone Created by group: 
\i\b 21
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\i0 Teams:
\i  
\b Cairo1, Polimi5, Crete5
\i0\b0 \

\b \cf3 Description:
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf4 it's a card game over a board of 3x3 where each player have 5 card to play, the goal is capture the most amount of cards when the board is full.Triple  Triad (or a similar game adapted to 1 or 2 players) it's a mini-game of the game Final Fantasy VIII. \cf0 Cards are based on characters and monsters from the game. There are "levels" of cards, each level containing monsters, guardian forces (summon monsters), or player characters (highest level). Each player chooses a color. Randomly determine who goes first. Place a card on the grid. Each card has a "compass rose" of 4 different numbers, 1-9, and then A representing 10. Higher levels contain higher numbers. If I place a card with the number 4 at it's north, and you place a card with a number 5 at it's south directly above mine, you "flip" mine, and both are now your color. You are trying to get the most cards to your color. You can "chain" cards too. If you flip a card, it can flip other cards. Each card is only flipped once per turn. Some cards have an elemental symbol on them, giving a +1 number bonus against anything not of that element.}