{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset238 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\froman Calibri;}{\f3\froman\fcharset238 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red79\green129\blue189;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green77\blue187;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\lang1038\ul\b\f0\fs36 ZOMBIES!!!\lang7\f1\par
\cf0\ulnone\b0\fs22 Created by group: \lang1038\b\i\f0 7\b0\line\cf2\lang255\kerning1\i0\f2 Teams: \lang1038\b\f3 Debrecen1\b0  and \b Milano8\b0 .\cf0\lang7\kerning0\f1\par
\cf3 Description:\cf0\par
Players take on the role of a survivor amid city streets sprawling with Zombies. Movement is determined by dice roll as is combat when the player's piece is in the same square as a Zombie. Players must conserve bullets and protect their life counters. At the end of the turn a dice roll directs the player to move a number of Zombies one square (because they are the slow George Romero type).\par
First player to reach the center of the Helipad tile and kill the Zombie there, or kill a total of 25 Zombies wins. When a player is killed they move back to the starting tile and lose half their Zombie kills.\par
\cf3 Rules:\par
\pard\li284\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1038\f0 1. \lang7\f1 Object of the Game\par
\cf0 The goal of ZOMBIES!!! is to be the first player to reach the center square of the \ldblquote Helipad\rdblquote  tile, kill any zombies there and escape the advancing zombie horde. Alternately, a player also wins if he is the first to collect 25 zombies.\par
\cf3\lang1038\f0 2. Game Setup\lang7\f1\par
\cf0 Randomly choose a player to be the dealer. The dealer removes the \ldblquote Town Square\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Helipad\rdblquote  cards from the map deck. Place the Town Square card in the center of the table with a pawn (Shotgun Guy) for each player on the center square. The dealer then shuffles the rest of the Map deck and places the \ldblquote Helipad\rdblquote  at the bottom of the deck. Place the map deck aside within easy reach of all players.\par
The dealer then shuffles the event deck and deals three cards to each player. Again, the Event deck should be placed on the table within easy reach of all players.\par
Each player also receives three life and three bullet tokens.\par
\cf3\lang1038\f0 3. Turn Sequence Overview\lang7\f1\par
\cf0 During a turn, players must perform the following steps.\par
\pard\fi-284\li852\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx852 1.\lang1038\f0\tab\lang7\f1 Draw a tile from the map deck and place it on the table.\par
2.\lang1038\f0\tab\lang7\f1 Combat any zombies on your current space. (Please see Combat Rules section.)\par
3.\lang1038\f0\tab\lang7\f1 Draw back up to three event cards, if you have less than three.\par
4.\lang1038\f0\tab\lang7\f1 Make a movement roll. (Please see Movement Rules section.)\par
5.\lang1038\f0\tab\lang7\f1 Move up to the number of spaces indicated by the movement roll. You must stop and combat on any space occupied by a zombie. You may continue your movement after defeating a zombie up to your movement total.\par
6.\lang1038\f0\tab\lang7\f1 After moving, roll a six-sided die. you must move that number of zombies, one space each, if able.\par
7.\lang1038\f0\tab\lang7\f1 At the end of the turn, you may discard one event card from your hand. Play then proceeds clockwise around the table.\par
\pard\li284\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\lang1038\f0 4. Placing Map Tiles\lang7\f1\par
\cf0 There are several rules the players must follow when placing map tiles.\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li852\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Tiles may be rotated in any direction but must be placed so that all roads are\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 connected. You may not block any road with the side of a building.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}When played, map cards with \ldblquote named\rdblquote  buildings immediately get\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 the number of Zombie\lang1038\f0 (Z)\lang7\f1 , Bullet(B) and Life(L)\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 tokens indicated. All tokens and zombies must\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 be placed inside the building and may not be\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 placed on any street space. Please see the\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1\ldblquote Additional Rules and Clarifications\rdblquote  section for\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 more rules regarding zombie and token\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 placement.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab} It is possible to place map tiles in such a manner\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 that no further tiles can be played. If this occurs,\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 the player who plays the last tile immediately\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 loses the rest of their turn. Play continues until\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 one player collects 25 zombies.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}When a map tile with an \ldblquote unnamed\rdblquote  building is\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 played\lang1038\f0 , \lang7\f1 it comes into play\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 with a number of zombies on it based on the\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 number of road access points it has. That is, the number of zombies is equal to the\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 number of points the road leaves the card. These zombies may be placed on any\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 legal road space of that tile.\par
\pard\li284\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\lang1038\f0 4. Combat Rules\lang7\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li852\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0 Any time you begin your turn on the same space as a zombie or you land on a space occupied by a zombie during movement, combat ensues.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Combat is resolved by rolling a six-sided die. If you roll a four, five or six, you win and the zombie is added to your collection; if you roll a one, two or three, you lose and must either, forfeit a life token or spend enough bullet tokens to raise the roll enough to make it successful. For example, if you rolled a two, you could discard a life token and roll again or spend two bullet tokens to raise the total from two to four.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Combat continues until the player wins or runs out of life tokens. A player can never voluntarily leave combat.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}When a player runs out of life tokens, movement stops and he must move his pawn back to the center of town square. Additionally he forfeits the rest of his movement, loses half (rounded up) of the zombies he has collected and any weapon cards he has in play. The rest of the turn continues as normal.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Whenever a player dies and is forced to start again, he begins his next turn with \lang1038\f0 t\lang7\f1 hree life and three bullet tokens.\par
\pard\li284\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\lang1038\f0 5. Event Card Rules\cf0\lang7\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li852\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Events may be played at any time\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}You may only play one event card during a round. (That is, from the beginning of\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}your turn to the beginning of your next turn.)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}You may never have more than three event cards at the end of your turn .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A player may discard one event card at the end of his turn. Discarding signals the\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 end of the turn and no further turn actions may be taken once a card has been\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 discarded.\par
\pard\li284\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\lang1038\f0 6. Player Movement Rules\cf0\lang7\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li852\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Movement amount is determined by rolling a six-sided die.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}No diagonal movement is allowed.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Players may choose not to use the entire movement amount and may stop at any\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 time. Players may only move on to road or named building spaces.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Any zombies encountered while moving must be fought before movement continues.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Please see the Combat section for more details. (Event cards such as \ldblquote Alternate\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 Food Source\rdblquote  override this rule.)\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}If a player moves onto a space containing a life or bullet token and no zombie, the\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 token is immediately added to that player\rquote s collection.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Zombies and players may move in and out of \ldblquote named\rdblquote  buildings\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 only and they must use the door spaces indicated. No other\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 buildings or parking lots may be entered.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All spaces in \ldblquote named\rdblquote  buildings are used. These spaces are\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 indicated by the lines in the buildings. For Example, the \ldblquote Sporting\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 Goods Store\rdblquote  to the right has seven interior spaces and one road\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 space.\par
\pard\li284\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\lang1038\f0 7. Zombie Movement Rules\cf0\lang7\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li852\sa200\sl276\slmult1 At the end of a turn, a six-sided die is rolled and that number of zombies is moved\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 one space each, if possible.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Zombies may not be moved diagonally.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Each space may have only one zombie on it at a time, ever.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Spaces containing a zombie may also contain a life or bullet token but, if the zombie\lang1038\f0  \lang7\f1 moves, the token does not\lang1038\f0 .\lang7\f1\par
\pard\li284\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf3\lang1038\f0 8. Additional Rules and Clarifications\cf0\lang7\f1\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-284\li852\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1038\f0 When the Heliport card is turned up, the person who has the least number of zombies places it on the table. In case of a tie, the tied players randomly determine who gets to place it.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Each space may contain a zombie and a life or bullet token - never all three.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}No player may have more than five life tokens at one time.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Players may have as many bullet tokens as they can collect.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}When playing event cards, the \ldblquote Town Square\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Helipad\rdblquote  are not considered named buildings.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Only doors accessible from road spaces may be used to enter or exit buildings.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}If a tile is drawn that cannot be legally played, it is discarded and the rest of the turn continues.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Each player may have only one copy of each weapon in play.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}If an event card such as \ldblquote Alternate Food Source\rdblquote  states that no zombies attack, you may not kill them anyway.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\ldblquote I Don\rquote t Think They\rquote re Dead\rdblquote  now reads \ldblquote Play this card to make target opponent roll two dice. If either die result is 3 or lower, opponent must return two zombies to the zombie pool. Heart and bullet tokens may be used to modify these rolls.\rdblquote\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}For a shorter game place the \ldblquote Helipad\rdblquote  tile randomly in the lower half of the tile deck.\lang7\f1\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Enjoy!\par
\b\i\par
\b0\i0\par
}
 